FAQUse: verify recovery words existing wallet (#1178)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

That gives you access to your bitcoin.
:::

:::details
### Can I verify the Recovery Words of an existing wallet?

Yes.

> Go to `Wallet Settings`>`Verify Recovery Words`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to `Wallet Settings` > `Verify Recovery Words`.
```

> Type in your recovery words in the correct order, click on `Verify` and it will show you that/if they are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type in your recovery words in the correct order, click on `Verify` and it will show you if they are correct or not.
```
